[memgraph-2-14<]Add query params for labels in docs (#409)
memgraph/documentation: pages/querying/expressions.mdx

CREATE (n $propertyMap) RETURN n;
```

> If you want to filer a node based on a specific property, you can do it with the next query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to filter a node based on a specific property, you can do it with the following query:
```

```cypher

> MATCH (n) WHERE n.$propertyValue = $propertyDesiredValue RETURN n;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MATCH (n) WHERE n.$propertyValue = $propertyDesiredValue
RETURN n;
```

```

> Using parameters with labels is also supported. To filter nodes based on a specific label, you can run the next query:

Author: Should we point out to the user that he can use labels in all types of clauses since he can't do that with properties?

> Using parameters with labels is also supported. To filter nodes based on a specific label, you can run the next query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use parameters with labels without restrictions regarding clauses (including `MATCH` and `MERGE`). To filter nodes based on a specific label, you can execute the following query:
```

```cypher

> MATCH (n:$label) RETURN n;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MATCH (n:$label)
RETURN n;
```
